## Scripts 
* *crossloc_output_2_csv.py* : reformat the outputs of the "CrossLoc localization" tool into CSV.
* *pose_2_csv.py* : reformat the outputs of the "CrossLoc Benchmark Datasets Setup" tool into the 6D pose CSV (x, y, z, yaw, pitch, roll) format.
* *csv_2_pose.py* : reformat the 6D pose CSV (x, y, z, yaw, pitch, roll) into the "CrossLoc Benchmark Datasets Setup" format.
* *utils_angles.py* : matrix operations
* *utils_reprojection.py* : reprojection operations
* *evaluate.py* : used by Codalab to score a submission (based on *evaluation.py*)
* *evaluation.py* : score the submission according to the topo metrics

## Data
The *data_sample* folder contains a light version of the input data that is used in the current process.

### dataset 1 : Crossloc 

**Type** : The crossloc output format is a numpy file. 

**Path** :  /data_sample/from_clossloc/*.npz/<file_name>
where <file_name> is *pose_gt.npy* or *pose_pred.npy*

**schema** : 

| .   | .   | .   | x |
|-----|-----|-----|---|
| .   | .   | .   | y |
| .   | .   | .   | z |
| 0   | 0   | 0   | 1 |

Where the . represent the element of the 3 rotation matrix of heading-pith-roll NED in ECEF coordinate system

x,y,z are in local ECEF coordinate system. 

**Generated by** : https://github.com/TOPO-EPFL/CrossLoc

**Sample dataset** : [data_sample/from_crossloc/*](data_sample/from_crossloc)

### dataset 2 : CrossLoc-Benchmark-Datasets

**Type** : The CrossLoc-Benchmark-Datasets output format is a text file. 

**Path** :  /data_sample/poses/<file_name>

**schema** : 

| .   | .   | .   | x |
|-----|-----|-----|---|
| .   | .   | .   | y |
| .   | .   | .   | z |
| 0   | 0   | 0   | 1 |

Where the . represent the element of the 3 rotation matrix of heading-pith-roll NED in ECEF coordinate system

x,y,z are in local ECEF coordinate system. 

**Generated by** : https://github.com/TOPO-EPFL/CrossLoc-Benchmark-Datasets



### dataset 3 : 6D array CSV file

**Type** : CSV

**Path** : data_sample/output/*.csv

**schema** (6 columns) : longitude, latitude, altitude, azimuth, tilt, roll


### dataset 4 : 6D array + uncertainty CSV file

**Type** : CSV

**Path** : data_sample/output/*.csv

**schema** (12 columns) : longitude, latitude, altitude, azimuth, tilt, roll, uncertainty_longitude, uncertainty_latitude, uncertainty_altitude, uncertainty_azimuth, uncertainty_tilt, uncertainty_roll
